fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/padma.md

title: Pad.ma
images:
  - src: pad.ma_beitut_homeworks05.jpg
    alt: Woman seated at a laptop during a presentation with a large projection screen behind her showing the Pad.ma video archive interface
  - src: pad.ma_browse.png

>     alt: Screenshot of Pad.ma web interface showing grid of video thumbnails with titles like A day in the life of Muhammad Muslim and pagination showing page 1 of 19

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Screenshot of Pad.ma web interface showing grid of video thumbnails with titles like A day in the life of Muhammad Muslim
```

  - src: daniela_kobe_and_volker.large_.jpg

>     alt: Three people sitting at table with microphones during panel discussion, projection screen behind showing text about The Parable of the Patent Holders with blue clock on wall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Three people sitting at table with microphones during panel discussion, projection screen behind showing text The Parable of the Patent Holders Leading the Patent Holders (1568)
```

  - src: pad.ma_workshop_beitut_sanayeh04.jpg
    alt: Workshop with people gathered around table with laptops, black and white photographs and drawings on wall, collaborative work session
  - src: steal_this_film.large_.jpg

>     alt: Title card with text Steal This Film in large black letters on blue background with yellow-orange rectangular lights above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Projector screen reading Steal This Film in large black letters on blue background
```
